My virtual assistant is going to require a significant amount of libraries.
So first let's create the project and later we shall install everything that we need.
We're going to call it virtual assistant dot P, of course.
And now I have a place to work.
So in command prompt I will install some of the new libraries I'm going to need.
You can do it here or through py charm in install.
Remember we have learned two ways of doing it, so I'm going to do it here.
I'll write pip install and first one I'm going to need is called ptsx3.
This name is a little difficult to remember, so I have already installed it.
So you'll see something different here.
This is a module that allows Python to talk to us, so I suppose it's going to be something important.
So then pip install to install a library called speech recognition, the s and R in uppercase.
And this serves to recognize your voice and transform it into text.
It's going to be very necessary.
So let's go with the next pip install.
This one is called P.
What kit?
We also install it.
This will allow your code to open websites such as YouTube, Wikipedia, and many more.
So now let's install wiki finance, which is Yahoo finance.
And this is a library that allows you to connect your code to the values of the stock market.
In this way, we could ask our assistant to tell us the price of stock we're interested in.
And finally, you're going to love this pip install P jokes, which is a library with a large amount
of jokes so our assistant can tell us a joke every so.
Once you've installed all these libraries, we come to pie charm where we can import all of this and
some of those we already know.
So we start with p, t, tsx3 and we continue importing to speech recognition.
There we go.
And we can put a shortened name as it's very long.
We can put as s r.
Also we're going to import P what kit which we've just installed.
Let's import y finance and I'll put the nickname y f and I'll import p y jokes.
These are the ones we've just installed.
And now we're going to import some that are in the Python's own code, which are web browser.
Here it is.
And this allows us to open web browsers from our code.
And let's import an old friend the famous date time.
And let's also import another that we have installed, which is Wikipedia, and I'm sure you can imagine
what this library does.
So this is everything we need to start programming.
Our archive has everything it needs and all its tools.
So in the next class, we'll start our first line of proper code.